"Ticket to Paradise" is the clear example that the trailer is better than the movie itself. The script does not bring anything new to romantic comedies, it rushes to take the already known formula and fill the plot with the typical clichés. Julia Roberts and George Clooney offer simple performances without much charm, the secondary characters are more endearing as is the case with Wren Butler played by Billie Lourd. The filming locations are extraordinary and the cinematography makes them look even more beautiful. Returning to the script, it fails to catch on and as entertainment it doesn't go that far either. One of the worst moments is the terrible CGI with which a dolphin that appears on the screen for a few seconds was created. Movie to see once and not repeat.
Ticket to Paradise follows a very familiar formula that has very few surprises in its narrative but that works as a nice reminder as to why this formula works so well when done right, especially in the hands of two perfectly matched screen legends.George Clooney and Julia Roberts are both great, having worked together many times before their chemistry and comedic timing is instant and extremely strong. Kaitlyn Dever is really good with a warmth makes her sudden relationship feel genuine.Ol Parker's direction is also really good, the location constantly looks gorgeous and it maintains a solid pace throughout. The music by Lorne Balfe works perfectly for the film's tone, so grand and swoon worthy.
If you are fed up with all these Netflix comedies lacking of humour having actually push yourself to crack a smile " Ticket to Padise " will definitely make things easier for you.It was a relief to watch a rom com that had fast paced just to the point dialogues. The staring couple was great. Their long last friendship had them feel comfortable with each other so they had a great connection in front of the cameras. Roberts is one of tbe best actresses ever in a variety of genres but romantic comedies will always have her as their Queen!So if you are looking for a ticket that gets you a couple of hours of joy and relaxation this movie is the answer. Enjoy!
This is a loose remake of a French comedy with Dany Boon. That one was much funnier, with a better script. This one is lazy and treats viewers like morons, because it assumes that nice locations like Bali and two likeable, easy on the eye movie stars like Clooney and Roberts will guarantee success, no matter how bad and lazy the script is. It really looks like another comedy made quickly for Netflix. I don't recommend spending money on this, better wait for the streaming or TV... unless you are depressed, unhappy, down on your luck in your private life and quickly need some positive, optimistic and light entertainment. 3/10 for normal viewers, 8/10 if you're depressed and sad.
George Clooney and Julia Roberts are two excellent actors and the Academy Awards they each won were well deserved. They are also two very suitable actors for romantic comedies, and if we accept the idea that good romantic comedies can be made with characters (and actors) in their 50s or even 60s, then casting them in the lead roles of a film of this kind may be a good idea. However, to make a quality romantic comedy something else is needed - a believable story that makes us resonate with the characters on the screen, possibly fall in love with them or suffer with them during the screening of the film. 'Ticket to Paradise' by director Ol Parker did not have the chance of such a scenario. By basing their film solely on the charm and magnetism of the two actors, the filmmakers have failed in their attempt to deliver quality entertainment. Clooney (at the peak of his charisma) and Roberts try their best, but it's not enough to save the film from the fate of a mediocre comedy.David (Clooney) and Georgia (Roberts) married 25 years ago and divorced 5 years later. Lily, their only daughter is finishing her law studies and a wonderful career awaits her starting in a prestigious law office. On the farewell college trip to Bali, the young woman meets a local seaweed farmer, falls in love with him, and decides to remain on the island paradise in the Indian Ocean. The two divorcees decide to join forces to convince their daughter to give up her marriage plans. The reasons are their own experience of a failed marriage but also the fear that the girl is destroying her life, at least according to Western or American patterns. The first 10-15 minutes offer the opportunity for funny exchanges of replicas, filmed with rhythm and using appropriately the technique of parallel frames. These are also the best comedic moments in the film, in my opinion. It is what follows that disappointed me.'Ticket to Paradise' reminded me of a tradition of American cinema in which the film fits very well. It's about dramas, sentimental comedies or musical films produced in the 30s whose stories took place in the world of the super-rich dressed in tuxedos, sumptuous dresses and fur coats. Spectators of those times, preoccupied with economic crises and - towards the end of the decade - with the danger of war, filled the theaters where charismatic heroes played by actors such as Clark Gable or James Stewart appeared on the big screens. With a few changes in scenery and dialogues, 'Ticket to Paradise' could have been made then. George Clooney is, by the way, the actor closest to the profile of the great American actors mentioned, and he is formidable in this film. But I think that his charm (and to a lesser extent that of Julia Roberts) are not enough to carry the whole movie. The relationship between the two is too predictable and the parallel love story between the two young people is completely missed. Kaitlyn Dever as the daughter is, I think, a terrible miscasting. At no point do we see her as an intelligent young woman making a sensible decision. The way in which the natural paradise of Bali is described is at the level of tourist clips commercials and the presentation of the local culture smella paternalistic Western folklorism. I understand that the intention of the filmmakers is here also an escapist cinema that disconnects its viewers from the problems of the day, but in the absence of authenticity and a somewhat believable story, the effect risks being missed. I'm afraid that only the joy of seeing George Clooney and Julia Roberts again and together is what will be left after watching this film.
Considering the cast, plot, and locations with so much opportunities this SHOULD have been amazing. The parts that WOULD have been funny didn't apparently make it into the movie. The snake bite suction moment could have been tear-making hilarious but it was basically skimmed over. The working together to make common goal should have been much more played out, played up, close calls, and so much hilarity. Considering Clooney's history of practical jokes there should have been more of his face being sneak the task in on someone, reaction shots etc. Considering Roberts amazing range of reactions and laughing it could have been so much bigger.Throughout the entire film I was amused by the scenery and barely reacted to characters, story or why they were even there. I don't know if this was weird decisions by director, restrictions by producers, or refusals by actors but this was across the board a mediocre film. I would tell everyone skip this entirely and just watch a couple previews of it only and then move on with their lives. I give it a 5 based on beautiful scenery, lighting, and clear cinematography work. It should have been so great but it just wasn't.
The bad: Why didnt they make a movie entirely about Julia Roberts and George Clooney? Now we have to see a bunch of other (below average) actors who only are present as "fillers" and who kinda irritated me by their bland acting performances.More bad: this movie wasnt funny. All the jokes fell flat. Honestly. This is suppose to be a romantic comedy, but I didnt laugh once. Not once. Bummer.The good: although it is lacking in good jokes, it has got TONS of sentimental, romantic scenes. It surely aint great drama (nowhere near), but it has got several tranquil, romantic scenes in which the right kinda sentimental loveydovey buttons get pushed, so all the fans of this romantic stuff will leave the cinema satisfied.All in all, I must say though that this is a missed opportunity to make a great romantic movie with these 2 stellar movie stars. They could have written a better script, with less stupid jokes and more true to life drama. Now it has become a Hallmark kind of movie, with lots of cheap sentiment that is a bit too much sugarcoated, (for me personally...)
Young couple falls in love and engaged. Her divorced parents aren't fully onboard. They see the errors of their ways and ultimately fall in love with each other again.It was so disappointing to watch Clooney and Roberts doing such a boring movie. Very little comedy other than the usual pranks they play on each other off camera. That is the classic Clooney, Pitt, Roberts agenda in their collaboration movies...we goof around and play pranks on each other. No effort in character building or laying down a good story.I can't even call this a RomCom as it lack both romance or comedy. Not much to see here, just move on and skip this film.
"Ticket to Paradise" is a new English-language movie and a co-production between the UK and USA, even if the movie is for the most part set in Bali and was shot in Australia. So a bright mix of countries we have here that are attached to this project. It is a movie that runs for approximately 100 minutes, slightly under without and slightly over with credits apparently. The writer and director is British filmmaker Ol Parker, who is in his early 50s now, but looks a bit younger. He has worked with a few big name actors and especially actresses over the last ten years which may also explain why he got two really famous actors to play the protagonists in this new film we have here. This is of course a 2022 release. Maybe the most known work for Parker was the sequel to Mamma Mia! And this is also a key reason why I got curious about him and his newest film we have here. I did not really like the original Mamma Mia! Film, but the sequel I genuinely enjoyed. So I am surely more than just a bit shocked here with how little "Ticket to Paradise" worked for me. Perhaps it had to do with his co-writer Daniel Pipski. I am obviously not sure how much each of them contributed, but Pipski has mostly worked on some admittedly not bad television stuff in the last 15 years. What catches my attention more is the contribution to Milk, even if it was just in a smaller position. But back to this film here: The two leads are of course Oscar winners George Clooney and Julia Roberts. They have been together in many films, even if the ones you think of first for Roberts are maybe those that she had with other Hollywood heart throbs Richard Gere and Hugh Grant. But Clooney and Roberts seem to be fond of each other if you see them play co-leads this often and the last time is also not that long ago. I am not too big on Roberts, but I like Clooney, so I was especially disappointed how this turned out for him. Other family dramas with humorous inclusions that Clooney showed up in like Up in the Air or The Descendants I adored. But here it is all nothingness or feels pretentious, so the outcome gave off a very shallow vibe for me. I will elaborate on that in detail a little later.As I just mentioned The Descendants, which is also already over a decade ago (man how time flies), I found it a bit funny when Roberts' character here talks about how Clooney's has never been to Hawaii, but maybe it was just me and maybe also not intentional. But I am sure Clooney thought about it too when shooting the scene. After all, he almost won an Oscar for his performance in that Alexander Payne movie. But yeah, Payne is not Parker, even if the first letters are the same, and the outcome here is disappointing. The rest of the cast are no big names at all. Kaitlyn Dever some will perhaps recognize, but she is the only one and she plays the older couple's daughter here. This film at times almost felt like a Rosamunde Pilcher adaptation. How the daughter discovers the ring towards the end and that the parents took it was on the cringeworthy side. Quite the coincidence. But the worst of it all was really how Clooney's and Roberts' characters were kinda getting together in the end. They were not too explicit about it, but them leaving the boat together to return to the island and also the weird kiss from before that made it relatively obvious. Of course, same applies to their daughter and how she talks about her mother's new man. I honestly felt really bad for the guy. I mean he had a partner, the stunning (or "stunning") Julia Roberts, who is 25 years his senior perhaps. He is crazy about her, wants to marry her, always gives her the greatest gifts, surprises her all the time and yet he is totally the wrong person. The daughter called him less interesting than watching paint dry. He even gets bitten by a snake and there is saved by Roberts' character, so he is eternally grateful to her and he also gets bullied by that chubby airplane passenger. Okay, she was kinda funny honestly and also the conversation(s) with Clooney's character.But back to what I actually wanted to say. Of course, Roberts' character eventually apparently gets together with the man who says that it is okay if she marries the other dude and that man she gets together with then is of course Clooney's character. That was so ridiculous. I mean the film starts showing and telling us that they absolutely do not get along with each other at all and that they literally cannot stand each other one bit, but when coincidence strikes, they are united again and are forced to spend more time with each other and then grow closer again. I could not believe it the way the film started, also with the cringeworthy argument when they are up there in the stands. The very first scene of the film or two scenes I could say when we see and hear the two talk to friends I think it was about their shared past, the wedding proposal etc. Was also not good at all. This film started on a weak note. There weren't many moments I liked linked to their relationship. One would maybe be when Clooney's character says something about a motorbike rider that he only approves of him when Roberts' character falls off the bike or so. But that was almost the only moment when I smiled a bit. For one good inclusion there were five or six poor ones. Another weak almost recurring gag was when Clooney's character made fun of the Frenchie. Or how the three of them meet there up on the airplane in the same situation. Again, unrealistic coincidence. The turbulence was poor pseudo drama. But what was way worse than the film's misfiring on comedy was how it got the emotionally relevant moments all wrong. The talk about the special place felt gooey, so did the party and how the two protagonists wake up the next morning in the same bed. Or also in terms of words, not just in terms of actions. The idea of "now is the time" or what the exact words were was an okay one, but the execution was simply mediocre at best, also with the final shot when they are jumping into the water. What I found even worse though was the inclusion of "wrong person, time and place" and how all three must be correct and how Roberts' character quotes that towards the end when she breaks up with her young boyfriend.Her introduction was kinda messy altogether to me at the film's start and here I am talking about how we see that she is a really successful businesswoman who easily pays for dinner at great restaurants and who effortlessly wins auctions where she pays several thousand dollars for exhibits while wearing really fashionable clothes. The one with Clooney talking to his buddy and doing sports was not any better. Also not sure why the daughter did not tell them during the phone conversation they would sit next to each other. I mean it is not an apocalypse or so. But that was chaotic already, so with watching stuff like this so early you cannot really get your hopes up for everything that follows afterwards. I mean the movie is not a failure, but there were weaknesses and these became especially visible when the movie took itself very seriously. Next example would be the "not enough" inclusion, first when Clooney's character talks about that to his daughter's boyfriend and next when the lead couple's daughter quotes this basically and talks to her mother about the latter's boyfriend. I must also say I found the daughter's boyfriend pretty unlikable. He is depicted as the more interesting young man there, pretty smart and able to do physical work too and he understands immediately what happened with the ring, but even if you find him okay early on, when he goes on about how to treat nature on one occasion and all the miracles she provides it was also really pretentious I thought, even if in theory what he says is not wrong, but the film just felt so full of itself, so it was even worse to see that the younger female protagonist then answered something like how she never realized that she is so much out of balance. It just felt written and scripted on so many occasions. I do not even blame the actors. They tried their best with the delivery. I mean Dever is not Woodley, but still the core issue here is the screenplay and how it was all written, especially the dialogues. There aren't many actors who could have made this work. Maybe none even.My negative recommendation should not surprise anybody. I know people are suckers for films based on works from Pilcher, Lindström and Fforde here in my country and while this film is maybe not as terrible as those, there are similarities and I am also not surprised by the rating above 6 on imdb, but I definitely agree with the more critical critics here and this film deserves only a 4 out of 10 I would say. I think this is all there is to say. Oh yeah, I also hated that we do not find anything about Clooney's character, neither about his profession, nor life nor whatever. Except that he still has this beautiful spot, so they don't build apartments there. Apparently, the character must also be relatively rich as a consequence. We also realize he is not willing to make a move on really young women as he probably could have when he talks to his daughter's best friend when they have a drink together. Another kinda forgettable scene and no real significance. Finally, I mentioned the snake scene, so maybe animals are not depicted in the most friendly manner here because we have a dolphin attack Clooney's character out of nowhere. Those animals can admittedly be fairly radical, but swimming with them would still be fascinating. Anyway, when they give medical treatment to him then immediately afterwards, it was also meant as another funny moment, but I did not think it was really and also I did not hear too many laughing from the maybe 25 people in my showing and I had a feeling that most were not really won over by the outcome here. It's a movie you wanna skip, even if you like Clooney (and Roberts) like I do. Not recommended.
Oof, this is just awful, predictable, by-the-numbers *romantic* comedy. The stars must've done this for the travel and maybe for cash to tip their servants. The trailer tells you everything, and gives you all the very mild laughs. Sure, Julia and George are charming, but they come off as shills here. The daughter is an idiot, and the fiance is flat. There's nothing good here for you. This is empty entertainment, and even in a time where people need fun, this is more like giving a greasy donut to a heart patient. Don't do this to yourself. Ask for better. You deserve it, and Roberts and Clooney owe it to us.
George & Julia have done it again. Most likely good friends in real life it shows the electricity is there. Set in Bali however shot in north Queensland. If you have been to Bali and north Qld. You will pick the difference in the torain. The vista shots are a big part of the movie well done. The movie reminds you of The Descendants a Clooney movie of years back shot on Hawaii similar yarn and visuals. George looks great and age is kind to him. Julia still presents well in a swim cozie. They both have the best smile and use it to advantage. Other players do a fine job the new husband is a Ken Doll. A light piece of theatre that must be seen on the big screen for full effect. The two classic actors did entertain me Easy to look at.Patrick.
I'd heard good things about this movie and although I looked at my watch constantly it was engaging enough to keep me in the theatre.The story revolves around law school graduate Lily who takes a trip to Bali and falls in love with a seaweed farmer. When her parents find out they go to 'Bali' to persuade her not to do it.Of course they fail, she gets married, and in a plot twist telegraphed from about the first minute, her parents decide to get back together despite the fact they hate each other.Clooney really isn't into it and there's no chemistry at all with Roberts. And I must be getting old, because the woman playing the presumably twenty-something Lily looks about 15 to me and I simply couldn't buy her performance.But the Australian scenery is beautiful.
If you're going to produce a run of the mill romantic comedy/drama film then you may as well set it in one of the most beautiful places on earth and get some of the biggest names in Hollywood to lead it.- - - - - - - - -The location and scenery was stunning, the acting performances were good and although the story itself was by the numbers, it was enjoyable light hearted entertainment with a light moral message.- - - - - - - - -It does run for a bit too long and the outtakes were by far the funniest part of the film.- - - - - - - - -Overall, I would score this film as a six out of ten.
Ticket to Paradise is a completely bog standard romcom. Not a single creative risk was taken in the making of this film. It is all very safe and predictable.They cast George Clooney and Julia Roberts and knew that that would be enough to get bums on seats, so they phoned in the rest.The comedy is all tried and tested stuff. The plot follows the traditional romcom formula, meaning you won't find any surprises here.This doesn't make it a bad film, its just got a pretty uninspired feel to it, as if it was made by a marketing team.The result is a charming, sweet, but unremarkable film. If you've ever seen a romcom then you've seen Ticket to Paradise, but it does have its moments.
I saw this movie because I love both George Clooney and Julia Roberts and I thought this was going to be a funny movie! Well I was completely wrong...the writing for the movie was horrible and honestly I feel like the weight of the movie was on both of them and I feel like it could have been better! So I ended up leaving a half an hour into the movie which I haven't done at all this year! I DO NOT recommend this movie at all! Again nothing against Julia and George but I would have picked a better way of making this movie and not have it be as boring and not funny as it was supposed to have been!
I love the actors, loved the location and loved an older romance getting a look in for a change. However, the plot was lazy and it kind of felt like an opportunity was missed, it was only okay when it could have been great. It felt like the actors just sleepwalked through the movie and the script wasted their talents.Also, what stopped me from enjoying the movie more was the dumbness of the supposedly very intelligent daughter. I mean, what is the rush to marry someone you have known for only 30 days? Maybe she had been binge-watching 30 day fiancé. I get that he's a hunk and it's a paradise island but after a couple of years of picking seaweed even that will get old.There was great chemistry between George and Julia and it kind of felt like we were cheated out of a proper smooch between them! It is worthwhile for the nostalgia factor but not a classic and probably not even a re-watch.
Come on George and Julia, you couldn't find a better script? All I could do during this movie was think that the writer was on vacation in Bali and decided to write a simple, predictable Rom Com incorporating the things she saw on a van tour around the island. "OK, let's see. I need 2 movie stars so it is guaranteed to make money. Maybe 4 second tier actors and a bunch of extras. Then parent-child relationships, adult conflict. And a big resolution. All with beautiful scenery." There was no depth in any character. There were no surprises. The comedy was sparse. The only good part were the 3 or 4 outtakes shown during the credits. Please, don't waste your money on this formula-driven drivel.
Unashamedly predictable. It should get the right audience since it's a movie that's exactly what you expect. A story which has been told before, just in a new setting, but it's less about the story, more about the charm it gives. Comfort movie vibes. A little amusing I was the only one my age, audience was mostly middle aged women and a few slightly older than that men. Last that happened was when I saw The Good House which that made sense, but this is a movie for everyone, guess most were there for Black Adam which I admittedly saw first.Immediately catch the drift as it starts with the ex-husband and wife narrating totally different views on the same events. A lot of snarky, witty remarks throughout, not entirely quotable, nor cringe. Reminiscent of the early 2000's comedies, refreshing to see now; it even had bloopers in post credits top it off. The last recent attempt at making this sorta movie was I Want You Back which didn't really deliver.It was just funny, lighthearted and fun. Fun to see George Clooney and Julia robert's in a now rocky relationship, their disdain for each other's what made it work. It's actually not about the goofy stuff and more of the chemistry the characters had with each other which is why I think they should have given us more of Lily and Gede's relationship at the start because I was never really that invested yet their relationship was the crux of the movie that connected everyone. I should be more invested in it all more really. Does have a few emotive scenes.On paper, it has everything that could put in the same category as 50 first dates, how to lose a guy in 10 days, the proposal, even some of both Clooney and Robert's old movies; but it just doesn't have that oomph to make it special, despite the right ingredients. So what's missing?Those movies aren't the best on paper, but we love them and that's why they're comfort movies. While this is a good movie, it's not a movie I love, but it's in a genre where that's important. I can't explain it, it's a good movie that doesn't necessarily hold a place in my heart. That's what makes you wanna go back and snuggle in bed over and over for movies like this.
I hate ad-lib films, I don't know but this must be, like they were making it up as they went along. Amateurish, stupid and poorly acted. The only decent part is the scenary.The direction is chaotic as is the cinematography, it's like they were in a rush to complete.The so called jokes were as funny as herpes and due to the ad-lib nature fell flat.Where have all the quality films gone? I hate to say this but cinema has died a death in favour of cheap streaming movies. I believe that most cinemas will close as there is literally nothing on worth paying the ticket price.Trash like this shouldn't even be put to streaming, let alone the big screen.
Wow what a disgrace. I'm sure the cast enjoyed the trip to Queensland and the scenery is lovely it good lord whet a horrible movie. Did George and Julia hate each other? It's like they couldn't stand talking or standing next to each other. Bored, tedious, pointless and with no redeeming actors or performances past the nice tropical scenery from Australia's great tropical islands and coasts in far North Queensland.What was the point of this? Not romantic, not comedic and the two superstars superpower leads obviously couldn't have cared less about the script or each other. The writing the acting and the directing sucked. I recommend you watch any other rom com other than this. Truly awful. I paused the movie to write this review, then deleted the movie and didn't bother finishing it.Yuk.Yuk.Yuk.
