Hercule Piorot is holidaying in Egypt when he is invited aboard a cruise down the Nile. The host is the extremely wealthy, recently married, heiress Linnet Ridgeway. The journey is soured by the appearance of Jacqueline de Bellefort, the ex-flame of Ridgeway's husband. Ridgeway stole him away from her and she seems intent on extracting some sort of retribution. When Ridgeway is murdered suspicion naturally falls on de Bellefort but she has a cast iron alibi.I should have known better than to watch this having watched Kenneth Branagh's adaptation of Murder on the Orient Express. Everything about it seemed flat and listless: paint-by-numbers adaptation, minimal intrigue (especially for a murder-drama), subdued, uninspired performances (despite an all-star cast), mindless action scenes.Where Branagh did dial things up was on the cinematography and effects but even there it falls flat: all the effects just make everything seem fake. You can tell it's being filmed in a studio in front of green screen rather than out in the snow with a real train.Having watched the excellent 1974 version it was a definite sub-standard effort. It felt like the classic Christie tale had been dumbed-down for modern audiences and substance sacrificed for style.Murder on the Nile is largely more of the same: weak, dumbed-down adaptation, listless performances, style over substance. The graphics and cinematography at least feel less fake here and are in fact the only positive as they do provide a richness of colour and a vibrance to proceedings.The screenplay is cringy at times with all the unnecessary add-ons to the novel to accommodate modern viewers. Performances are shrill and irritating. Casting is off: so many dud choices. I assume Branagh only wanted French and Saunders in the film because he's a fan of them as a comedy duo, not because they were ideal for their roles (as they're not).Similar to how I ended my review of Murder on the Orient Express, watch the excellent 1978 Peter Ustinov version instead. Or watch the relevant episode in the brilliant David Suchet Poirot series. With those already in existence I don't know why this film was made.
Alone the first scene is a fine example that many of today's movie producers, writers and directors too many times don't understand much about what they write about or produce (or they just don't care - I don't know what's worse): take the first scene, the attack in the war of the trenches. The French use gas to hide themselves and instead of putting on their gas masks (well, gas is dangerous, isn' it?) and taking preparation for an attack (the use of gas almost always indicated an immediate attack), the Germans just say, hey, I can't see a thing, just lets stare around a little bit more or just keep on eating your soup. Next scene, we get some Blues tunes that are fine but, well, the movie plays in 1937, but the first electrical guitar ever build was a Rickenbacker in 1936, and the Blues style played belongs to the 40s and 50s... I just give you that two little examples to illustrate why the whole movie just feels wrong and even dumb sometimes - the characters of course behave and talk also out of time and place. Anyway, watchable, if you like the starred actors but compared to the movie of 1978, this one looks weak.
They tried, yes, they did, but what's most annoying about this movie is the below average acting performances. French and Dawn's appearance (not funny) dont make things any better. There are lots of silly accents and lots of scenes with over acting. Annoying.More bad:the utter tediousness of this story. It lasts a whopping 2 hours and a bit and this story only starts going after an entire hour. And even then it's quite tedious to watch.No humor. (not my kind) No suspense. Really none at all. What's left? An average detective, really below average...The story: lots of folks travel on a cruiseboat. Someone dies. Who did it?
Please, please no more remakes of what were once great movies. Kenneth Branagh has gone from bad to worse with this. Everything is so false about it, the cgi so bad. Acting is terrible, as is cast. Why do people want to make remakes of movies which were truly the best.
By comparison, this is multiple levels below recent mainstream mysteries Knives Out and Murder on the Orient Express. The mystery has some intrigue but not much. The pacing is off and it takes a while (over an hour) before the mystery actually begins. I'm not a fan of the tone or the music. The actors are frequently over-the-top, sometimes reaching cartoonish territory.Overall, this movie is not put together very well. And I found it only mildly entertaining when I wasn't bored. (1 viewing, 2/14/2022)
Kenneth Branagh must not have liked the original story or characters much, given all the changes he made. This is a terrible movie on many levels.Poirot is a different character. He is now a former war hero with a lost love and a romantic side. Unforgivably, Branagh creates a major departure involving Poirot's signature moustache. There is an obligatory nod to Poirot's obsession with order and symmetry, but overall this is not the character in the Christie novels. Why didn't Kenneth Branagh just create a new detective named Branagh rather than rewriting Poirot? Agatha Christie herself found her most popular character insufferable, but she never changed him to make him more "normal."Then there is the miscasting. Gal Gadot, who is always appealing but who has neither a British nor American accent, is not even remotely believable as British heiress Lynette Ridgeway. In addition, her backstory includes an instance in which she summers in Kennebunkbort, Maine. Perhaps visiting the Bush family? So she's a New Englander too!In the novel, Ridgeway's lawyer is a childhood playmate and cousin named Pennington. In this movie, he is from India and named Katdhadorian. He's supposed to be family!? An elderly woman and her caretaker on board the ship (a spinster with her nurse in Christie's original), are in a lesbian relationship.A white character in the original novel, a British writer of terrible romance novels, is transformed into a great black blues singer, Salome Otterborne, whose daughter, Rosalie, we are told, is the irresistible love interest of a British toff. It's a good thing the script tells us this, because there is no evidence of sexual attraction or infatuation on screen. Poirot delivers a paean to here, filled with white guilt, and she replies with scorn. Both of their speeches are straight out of the woke wars of the present and have nothing to do with an Agatha Christie murder mystery.Rosalie also talks about racism she one experienced at a whites-only swimming pool in the US. So it's not just Death on the Nile. It's Death on the Mississippi Burning.Does any of this sound like Agatha Christie? Or is Branagh just using her name to get moviegoers to watch a different film? None of these problems are helped by the excessive length, slow pacing and bad CGI . A new remake should be an improvement over previous remakes, but so much of the scenery in this film is digitally created, it feels like animation.Avoid this. Look for an earlier TV or film version or read the book.
I don't always agree with the professional critics, but I have to say that I do agree this adaption, is, without a doubt, the most turgid and poorly executed Christie adaption that there has been.There is over an hour of the film before the mystery even begins and that interminable hour consists of exposition that leave the characters as two dimensional as when it started. And half of the characters seem shoveled in with no purpose whatsoever. E.g. Sophie Okonedo. She is a great actress. Perhaps the best in this cast. I strongly recommend people see her Hollow Crown and Hotel Rwanda. But her character (or that of the character's niece) in Death on the Nile is what? Serves what plot purpose? (Answer: none)The actual "solving" of the mystery has to be the most predictable Christie adaption ever. It is a outright "Cui bono?" It makes it clear this is written for very low brow audience.
First off, great cast and amazing acting, the leads had chemistry and the emotions felt authentic. However, the score and cinematography were mediocre borderline poor. It was painfully obvious that every set was green screen. The score left too many dead moments. Also, what was with that very weird Gadot as Cleopatra moment?!
I suppose you could say this is a fake film for fake times.It looked surreal because it was surreal.Yes, it looked spectacular and lavish, but it was just not real.Just about everything was created on a computer, no trip to Egypt required.The day will come when CGI is so good there will be no need for actors and actresses. It will all be created by software.Rather than follow an established story with the same characters the need to force feed the viewer with PC wokery had to be catered for first.So we had, characters left out, characters introduced, names changed, genders changed, nationalities changed, ethnicity changed, same sex relationship introduced ... what a mess.Ironically, the outing of same sex relationship by Poirot in the reveal was callous and cruel. It played no part in the plot at all, in fact the portrayal of Poirot was way off the mark.Sophie Okonedo was the best thing in it, she was superb and disappointing that she was wasted in this poor adaptation.Both the TV drama (2004) and the 1978 film were better than this attempt, both being shot on location with actual REAL locations.Watch the 1978 film, it is much better and follows the original plot far more closely.
The opening scene tells all you need to know. Twerking dance in 1936!!! That is a sure sign of desperation which is obvious in the rest of the movie. No authenticity, horrible acting, atrocious directing. Full of horrible CGI scenery that a 10 year old can tell its fake.Save yourself money and time and watch the 1978 version with Peter Ustinov as Poirot. Or better yet see TV series played by David Suchet. Both are 100 times better and sensible that this absolute garbage of movie.
2 out of 5 stars.Death on the Nile is a boring mystery film that does not improve from its previous film. And the sequel is no better. Besides putting the film in a beautiful set piece on a boat and beautiful visual effects of the Nile river and Egypt setting.The film does have a promising cast ensemble. Kenneth Branagh does great with the role. The newcomers like Annette Being, Russell Brand, Gal Gadot, Armie Hammer, Letitia Wright and many others are all talented.The script drags the story. The direction is slow and boring. Every clue is revealed slowly, and when the twist is revealed. It is no surprise or giving you that thrill. I found the film to be boring and slow. The story is decent. The direction and script could have been so much better for a whodunit kind of film.
If one were to compare the 2022 version with the 1978 evergreen classic of the same name then this latest one is an extreme and massive disappointment with terrible acting by everyone in the film including KB.However if one were to judge on its own then at best it's a below average movie with absolutely nothing praiseworthy at all.4/10.
Everybody's over acting like they were amateurs in a fifth grade school play. The actors running around in fancy clothes in front of green screens and cgi. The dialogue are uninspired, not realistic and not taken from the book. The characters are woke and thin as card board. I found it all to be boring and uninteresting.
Just got back from watching "Death on The Nile" & I'm not even lying when I say Kenneth Branagh has chosen to shoe-horn in a WW1 related backstory to show why Hercule Poirot has a moustache... As if we needed an explanation, detailing the reason for a character's facial hair.At this rate, Hollywood will be giving us an origin story for Agatha Christie's bikini wax.Seriously though, the most suspenseful thing was the unmasked woman conspicuously coughing (continuously) throughout, further down the aisle of the cinema. It's a superficial adaptation, worsened by Kenneth Branagh's artificial direction, bad VFX, amateurish continuity errors & horrendous chewing of scenery by actors giving some of the worst performances of their careers.
Did enjoy this, but having read the book by Agatha Christie I can say that you should read the book instead. For a 2 hour movie it does not develop the characters or story very well but cinematography and direction is spectacular.
Turned in her grave, on plenty occasions in this edition of the death on the nile. I guess peter ustinov wouldve kikced his anckle too cause this edition of the poirot story is made for the new generation of agathae christie fans, not grumpy old peoople like me. How could he have forgotten his stick, and forlorn his bowler hat...IMPOSSIBLE'...enjoy it for what you want, but apart from some great vantage views of the nile and some workable cgi's here and there, this wasnt more ,than looking at a stage play in the london theater district, and the sets no more than a bbc tv theater. Best of british cast, but they can not rewrite the story again.enjoy the flicks from the past,they are way better.
After all the delays (this was scheduled for December 2019, even before the pandemic!), the Armie Hammer scandal and after all this time I almost forgot Poirot was to return. But once I finally saw this movie, I felt nothing. It's directed with a classy style but with too much of CGI and modern visuals and that mix is jarring. The performances are not that good to me (Benning may be my favourite, just her) and the storyline has a few moments and a watchable resolution but the pacing drags a lot on its first hour to me. I wanted it to be better or as decent as 'Orient Express', but clearly it was not. I yet recommend everyone to see the movie and judge by themselves. It's just I felt nothing watching it and that's a shame (after all the waiting) and a sadly steady pattern very much present in mainstream nowadays.
From the opening shot of a CGI crow swooping through a World War One trench it is obvious this film detaches from reality and plays out like a comic book.The Egypt depicted in this film is a deserted sterile place: everything is CGI and there are hardly any extras.This is shot in a distractingly arty fashion with characters viewed from behind windows, railing or ceiling fans.There are some really gaudy, atmosphere-breaking scenes: like when a body is carried out on the shoulders of identically and immaculately dressed female crew members with the gravitas of a state funeral - but with an audience of ten.Characters are shot at extreme close up or from miles away - rarely anything in between.The script is slow and stogie, most characters just roll out monologues, sometimes whilst looking at another cast member, but rarely interacting.I am a big Christie fan and I like many of the adaptations (including the last Orient Express) but this was really dull and boring.The characters felt very flat, only existing to relay their one defining characteristic before fading into the background.This feels very much like watching someone playing a computer game, the player going from one task to the next, each character encountered programmed with the bare minimal of personality to progress the level.
I was looking forward to this movie, but turns out it's a very disappointing waste of time. This movie is only noise with card board characters. Not even worth finishing. It started with a barking dog, very bad sign, then foreign dialogue, explosions, generic characters and bad music. It got worse. Ugh.
Kenneth Branagh has a lot to answer for - not the least of which is his hubris in thinking he can improve on the brilliant Agatha Christie stories and previous screen adaptations of some of her favorite novels. Worse, Branagh changes the fundamental traits and personalty of Christie's Hercule Poirot. Where the hell does he get off? Then, he tries to compensate with overproduced, overblown "movie magic" which may impress some but not true Chritie afficionados. This is a continuation of the same tricks he tried to pull with his shameful "Murder on the Orient Express." He should be ashamed. I think the next item on his assasination list is "Evil Under the Sun." Please, God, no!
